# SuperBench Results

This repo is used to collect benchmarking results for [SuperBench](https://github.com/microsoft/superbenchmark) project.

## How to Get and Upload Results

You can get three files automatically after running SuperBench successfully.
- **config file**: This is a `YAML` file to configurate parameters when run benchmarks. 
  
  SuperBench provides a set of config files for different workloads, you can adjust the parameters according to your needs. 

- **results summary file**: This file contains the results run by SuperBench. 
  
  The default summary results path for each node is `outputs/nodes/$SPECIFIED-NODE-NAME/results-summary.json`. You can also specified the outputs folder by add `--output-dir` paramerter when running SuperBench.

- **system information file**: This is a system configuration file containing the system software and hardware configurations of the test node.

  The system configuration file is generated by running `sb node info > sysinfo.json` on each raw test node. Please note that it must be run under **root** account or as **sudo** (running with superuser privileges, in the meantime, superbench needs to be installed with superuser privileges).

Then, you can follow [Contribute Benchmark Results](https://microsoft.github.io/superbenchmark/docs/developer-guides/contributing#contribute-benchmark-results) to upload your results.

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft 
trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow 
[Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general).
Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship.
Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.
